It’s OK if you don’t know exactly what you want right now. 
Having more money, creating powerful experiences, and continually 
growing as a person are all goals that will push you in the right direction.

As you build confidence through successive, small wins over time, 
your vision and imagination will expand.
Thus, in order for your vision to become clarified and congruent with your values 
and genuine desires, you’ll need to start building confidence.

“Winning Achievements? Looking back over the past quarter, 
what are the things that make you the proudest about what you have achieved?”

“What’s Hot? When you look at everything that’s going on today, 
which areas of focus and progress are making you the most confident?”

“Bigger and Better? Now, looking ahead at the next quarter, 
what new things are giving you the greatest sense of excitement?”
“What are the five new ‘jumps’ you can now achieve that will 
make your next 90 days a great quarter regardless of what else happens?”


Short-term goals are how you build progress. 
Working toward a timeline is crucial for productivity. 
Focusing on only a few key milestones each 90 days is how you build momentum.

Chances are, you don’t recognize all of the good things 
you’ve done in the past 90 days. However, you can train 
your brain to notice, focus, and pay attention to the 
progress you’re making. When you begin seeing progress, 
you’ll start to feel excited.

Every 90 days, track the key areas of your life.
Track your money.
Track your health.
Track your time.
Track the progress in the areas you want to succeed.

It is your responsibility to organize your life so you can be in 
flow as much as possible. In positive psychology, a flow state, 
also known as being in the zone, is the mental state in which 
you are fully immersed in a feeling of energized focus, 
full involvement, and enjoyment.


First, you want to change your environment to change your mindset. 
Begin visualizing and imagining your desired future. 
Affirm powerfully to yourself that you are going to achieve that future. 
Florence Shinn stated, “Faith knows it has already received and acts accordingly.”

That’s what morning routines are all about. 
You put your mind into the mode of your future. 
You emotionally commit and connect with that future. 
You then be that future self.

Wealthy people work to learn. Poor people work for money.

How much of your time and attention is on things that don’t really matter?
How much energy to you put into stuff that isn’t serving you?
What could you be focused on, that would be way more worth you time?

The way to enjoy life best is to wrap up one goal and start right on the next one. 
Don’t linger too long at the table of success, 
the only way to enjoy another meal is to get hungry.

What is the next big adventure?
What does the situation call for?
What does your imagination inspire?
What’s the next big mountain?

A fundamental part of conscious evolution is learning to 
control and direct your attention — so that you can 
shine that spotlight onto what you want, 
rather than what you’ve been conditioned to want. 
Fundamental to that is updating your environment and values, 
since these things center your attention.

What are you currently focused on?
What is currently meaningful to you?
What could be meaningful to you?
What could you value?
Who could you be?